README.md, before:

# SN-51 Executor Sandbox Image Guide

This guide explains how to use the custom-compute-subnet-executor Docker image to run an executor for the Compute Subnet on a rented GPU instance. The image encapsulates the executor setup, running in a Sysbox container with NVIDIA GPU access for secure, isolated mining.

## Prerequisites

### Host Requirements

Your rented GPU instance must have:

- **OS**: Ubuntu 22.04+ with kernel 6.5+ (verify with `hostnamectl`)
- **NVIDIA Drivers**: Installed and working (`nvidia-smi` shows GPU)
- **Docker**: Installed with NVIDIA Container Toolkit (`nvidia-container-cli --version`)
- **Sysbox**: Installed for rootless containers (`docker run --runtime=sysbox-runc` works)
- **GPU**: Compatible with Compute Subnet (e.g., A100, H100; see `const.py`)

Contact your platform provider if these are not pre-configured.

### User Requirements

You need:

- Miner hotkey SS58 address
- Validator hotkey, deposit amount, and Ethereum private key (for miner setup)
- Optional: Custom ports for internal/external, SSH, and renting range (e.g., 2000-2005)

## Using the Image

### 1. Prepare the Environment

Your platform should provide `docker-compose.yml` and `.env.template` in `/opt/executor-sandbox`.

Create a data directory:

```bash
mkdir -p /opt/executor-sandbox/data
```

Edit `.env` with your settings (provided via platform UI):

```bash
cp /opt/executor-sandbox/.env.template /opt/executor-sandbox/.env
nano /opt/executor-sandbox/.env
```

Update the following variables:

- `MINER_HOTKEY_SS58_ADDRESS`: Your miner hotkey
- `INTERNAL_PORT`, `EXTERNAL_PORT`: Defaults (8080, 8081) or custom values
- `SSH_PORT`, `SSH_PUBLIC_PORT`: Defaults (22) or custom values
- `RENTING_PORT_RANGE`: E.g., 2000-2005 (or use `RENTING_PORT_MAPPINGS`)

### 2. Run the Executor Sandbox

Pull the image:

```bash
docker pull <registry>/custom-compute-subnet-executor:latest
```

Replace `<registry>` with your platform's registry (e.g., `docker.io/your-org`).

Start the sandbox:

```bash
cd /opt/executor-sandbox
docker compose up -d
```

Verify it's running:

```bash
docker ps
docker logs executor
```

### 3. Add Executor to Central Miner

On your central miner, run:

```bash
docker exec -it <miner-container> pdm run /root/app/src/cli.py add-executor \
  --address <rental-ip> \
  --port <external-port> \
  --validator <validator-hotkey> \
  --deposit_amount <deposit-amount> \
  --private-key <eth-private-key>
```

Where:

- `<rental-ip>`: Instance IP (provided by platform)
- `<external-port>`: From `.env` (e.g., 8081)
- Other values: From your platform UI inputs

### 4. Monitor the Executor

Check earnings on [Taomarketcap](https://taomarketcap.com).

View logs:

```bash
docker logs -f executor
```

## Troubleshooting

**GPU Not Detected**: Run the following test:

```bash
docker run --rm --gpus all nvidia/cuda:12.2.0-base-ubuntu22.04 nvidia-smi
```

If it fails, check NVIDIA drivers (`nvidia-smi`) and toolkit installation.

**Sysbox Issues**: Test with:

```bash
docker run --rm --runtime=sysbox-runc --gpus all daturaai/compute-subnet-executor:latest nvidia-smi
```

**Port Errors**: Ensure `<external-port>` is open:

```bash
sudo ufw allow <external-port>
```

**Logs**: Check container logs or system logs:

```bash
docker logs executor
sudo journalctl -u docker
```

## Contributing

To contribute to this project or suggest improvements, reach out to the developer on GitHub: [@BANADDA](https://github.com/BANADDA). Submit issues or pull requests to enhance the executor sandbox.

## License

[Add your license information here]

---

For additional support, consult your platform provider's documentation or contact their support team.

Commit message:

Update README and GitHub Actions workflow to use GitHub Container Registry. Changed image pull command in README and updated login and image tagging in build.yml to reflect the new registry.

README.md, after:

# SN-51 Executor Sandbox Image Guide

This guide explains how to use the custom-compute-subnet-executor Docker image to run an executor for the Compute Subnet on a rented GPU instance. The image encapsulates the executor setup, running in a Sysbox container with NVIDIA GPU access for secure, isolated mining.

## Prerequisites

### Host Requirements

Your rented GPU instance must have:

- **OS**: Ubuntu 22.04+ with kernel 6.5+ (verify with `hostnamectl`)
- **NVIDIA Drivers**: Installed and working (`nvidia-smi` shows GPU)
- **Docker**: Installed with NVIDIA Container Toolkit (`nvidia-container-cli --version`)
- **Sysbox**: Installed for rootless containers (`docker run --runtime=sysbox-runc` works)
- **GPU**: Compatible with Compute Subnet (e.g., A100, H100; see `const.py`)

Contact your platform provider if these are not pre-configured.

### User Requirements

You need:

- Miner hotkey SS58 address
- Validator hotkey, deposit amount, and Ethereum private key (for miner setup)
- Optional: Custom ports for internal/external, SSH, and renting range (e.g., 2000-2005)

## Using the Image

### 1. Prepare the Environment

Your platform should provide `docker-compose.yml` and `.env.template` in `/opt/executor-sandbox`.

Create a data directory:

```bash
mkdir -p /opt/executor-sandbox/data
```

Edit `.env` with your settings (provided via platform UI):

```bash
cp /opt/executor-sandbox/.env.template /opt/executor-sandbox/.env
nano /opt/executor-sandbox/.env
```

Update the following variables:

- `MINER_HOTKEY_SS58_ADDRESS`: Your miner hotkey
- `INTERNAL_PORT`, `EXTERNAL_PORT`: Defaults (8080, 8081) or custom values
- `SSH_PORT`, `SSH_PUBLIC_PORT`: Defaults (22) or custom values
- `RENTING_PORT_RANGE`: E.g., 2000-2005 (or use `RENTING_PORT_MAPPINGS`)

### 2. Run the Executor Sandbox

Pull the image:

```bash
docker pull ghcr.io/BANADDA/custom-compute-subnet-executor:latest
```

This pulls from GitHub Container Registry (GHCR) under the BANADDA organization.

Start the sandbox:

```bash
cd /opt/executor-sandbox
docker compose up -d
```

Verify it's running:

```bash
docker ps
docker logs executor
```

### 3. Add Executor to Central Miner

On your central miner, run:

```bash
docker exec -it <miner-container> pdm run /root/app/src/cli.py add-executor \
  --address <rental-ip> \
  --port <external-port> \
  --validator <validator-hotkey> \
  --deposit_amount <deposit-amount> \
  --private-key <eth-private-key>
```

Where:

- `<rental-ip>`: Instance IP (provided by platform)
- `<external-port>`: From `.env` (e.g., 8081)
- Other values: From your platform UI inputs

### 4. Monitor the Executor

Check earnings on [Taomarketcap](https://taomarketcap.com).

View logs:

```bash
docker logs -f executor
```

## Troubleshooting

**GPU Not Detected**: Run the following test:

```bash
docker run --rm --gpus all nvidia/cuda:12.2.0-base-ubuntu22.04 nvidia-smi
```

If it fails, check NVIDIA drivers (`nvidia-smi`) and toolkit installation.

**Sysbox Issues**: Test with:

```bash
docker run --rm --runtime=sysbox-runc --gpus all daturaai/compute-subnet-executor:latest nvidia-smi
```

**Port Errors**: Ensure `<external-port>` is open:

```bash
sudo ufw allow <external-port>
```

**Logs**: Check container logs or system logs:

```bash
docker logs executor
sudo journalctl -u docker
```

## Contributing

To contribute to this project or suggest improvements, reach out to the developer on GitHub: [@BANADDA](https://github.com/BANADDA). Submit issues or pull requests to enhance the executor sandbox.

## License

[Add your license information here]

---

For additional support, consult your platform provider's documentation or contact their support team.
